A suggestion made to me by people for the ludum dare
is to add a indicator to find plants.

I also found another game that used this when you
got close to a target this game had you eliminating
targets untill none where left in contrast to my
game where you just keep finding more and more.

If I change my game to be a count down instead it
may make me focus on doing some level design which
is a weak point of mine with making games that I 
should practice at least a little.

Also if my game now has an indicator I either need
to keep track of a list of spawned objects or I now
would only need to have one at a time till the
player no longer needs it (this would mean changing
my project might open up windows for new mechanics)

	
  Concept:
For the first ideas when it comes to an indicator
I should have some for the plants and the hay pile
at least when a bird is about to swoop. I also want
to have indicators for farmers to give a little
more of a heads up. After I have done this for the
farmers I want to then make it so that a row or
column of farmers can show up leaving a small space
that the player must scurry to to survive. For the
farmers it would be an arrow or indicator at the
edge of the screen for each farmer. For the other 
things it would be a single arrow that rotates 
around the player pointing to one plant or hay pile
(perhaps just the closest one)



The game could imporve by adding animations that
play and signal an area you need to dodge the area
could be a line, spot or other shape.



Comments from ludum dare players

by milq (@milq), published 4 days ago
The game is not bad at all! It is a simple game but
it has very good elements like the music that is 
adaptive when you die. I also see the collisions very well done, being only the trident that kills you. I think that some gameplay aspects need to be polished and that it be incremental with the appearance of new challenges. Still, I would love to see more of your participation in the next editions! Great game!


by ChickensioDev (@chickensiodev), published 4 days ago
really neat game! the gameplay loop was well made but i think faster pacing would have made the game better.. maybe put the crops closer to each other and make tha bird appear more often.. overall solid entry!


by jk5000 (@jk5000), published 4 days ago
The idea is fun, and I did have fun trying it. But I do not have very much time enough to harvest the plants, and there is not very many plants to harvest. Overall is this an okay little jam game.
	(Dev's note: not clear that you can stop harvesting
and continue where you left off meaning it takes less
time to finish the harvest and allowing you to dodge
mid harvest)


by CobaltJT (@cobaltjt), published 4 days ago
Good tutorial. Still I was a bit lost at the beginning (where to go). In my opinion: Art is ok, sound is good, music is good enough for a short game. The gameplay is not as exciting as I first imagined. Cannot quite say why. Maybe it’s a bit too static, as the world does not really interact with the player.

some important feedback is level design would help alot (for mechanics and the game right now is boring/repetetive/empty) some one also stated the game felt too static and the world doesnt interact with the player. To target the world not interacting with the player I think the focus/idea would be to have developments, progression, story, commentary or responses to the player in the game. Another important note is the game should be incremental with the apperance of new challenges.
